Removed from Lin's
That's right, President Nanan
Although Xiaofan is my son
On the phone, talking to you in that tone
It really just doesn't fit
Must be severely punished
What are you standing there for?
Hurry up and apologize to the scolding male president
Well, this apology is not just about saying
Kneel down
Humph yesterday's humiliation
Today I will pay back all the money with interest
Chu Sheng is right
Kneel and apologize
To show maximum sincerity
Receive the forgiveness of the foreign president
Enrage President Nalan
Let the other party come to apologize
Call President Nalan in this way
My good brother
You are unprecedented
No one will come later.
Fa is not quick to kneel
This is your last chance.
Mom, it's not that I don't want to kneel
It's President Nalan, he doesn't agree
You're still talking nonsense at a time like this
My good brother
Why didn't I see that before?
Your ability to lie
So awesome
Fan'er, have you had enough trouble?
President Alan
Do you think so?
thing
The opportunity is yours.
hand
give up